README.md, before:

# ngx-chordpro-pipe
An Angular 4+ pipe to translate ChordPro text into HTML output.  Translates chords and 
directives, applying classes to trigger styles.  Includes support for transposing based
on changing the parameter for the number of half steps up (positive), or down (negative) from
the current key.

This code leveraged some work from Jonathan Perkin's 
<a href="https://github.com/jperkin/chordpro.js">chordpro.js</a> library.
## Usage
### Template
```
<div>    
    <input type="number" min="-11" max="+11" [(ngModel)]="nHalfSteps"/>
</div>
<div class="song" [innerHTML]="songText|chordpro:nHalfSteps"></div>
```

### Module
``
import {ChordproPipe} from 'path-to-pipes/chordpro.pipe';
``
### Component
```
@Component({
    templateUrl: './my.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./chord-pro.scss'],
    encapsulation: ViewEncapsulation.None // important!
})
class MyComponent {
    ...
    public song '{title: Twinkle, Twinkle}\n' +
                '[C]Twinkle [C/E]twinkle [F]little [C]star\n' +
                '[F]How I [C]wonder [G]what you [C]are\n' +
                '{any-directive} \n' +
                'more stuff \n' +
                '{end-previous-directive}';
    public nHalfSteps = 0;
}
```

Note: I did not wrap this in a module because Angular package creation is a nightmare.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with more explanation.

README.md, after:

# ngx-chordpro-pipe
An Angular 4+ pipe to translate ChordPro text into HTML output.  Translates chords and 
directives, applying classes to trigger styles.  Includes support for transposing based
on changing the parameter for the number of half steps up (positive), or down (negative) from
the current key.

This code leveraged some work from Jonathan Perkin's 
<a href="https://github.com/jperkin/chordpro.js">chordpro.js</a> library.

The pipe supports directives in the form:
    
    {directive: text that follows it}
    
and 
     
     {directive}
     
     
In the first case, the text is placed into a div with the name of the directive as a class, and the text is
placed within the div.  If you want to prefix your directives, you can use the :before CSS content attribute.
There are examples of this in the chordpro.scss file.

In the second case, a div is started, using the name of the class; on the next 
{directive} the div is closed.  

## Usage
### Template
```
<div>    
    <input type="number" min="-11" max="+11" [(ngModel)]="nHalfSteps"/>
</div>
<div class="song" [innerHTML]="songText|chordpro:nHalfSteps"></div>
```

### Module
``
import {ChordproPipe} from 'path-to-pipes/chordpro.pipe';
``
### Component
```
@Component({
    templateUrl: './my.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./chord-pro.scss'],
    encapsulation: ViewEncapsulation.None // important!
})
class MyComponent {
    ...
    public song '{title: Twinkle, Twinkle}\n' +
                '[C]Twinkle [C/E]twinkle [F]little [C]star\n' +
                '[F]How I [C]wonder [G]what you [C]are\n' +
                '{any-directive} \n' +
                'more stuff \n' +
                '{end-previous-directive}';
    public nHalfSteps = 0;
}
```

Note: I did not wrap this in a module because Angular package creation is a nightmare.
